Fix compatibility with Electron 12 (#157)
sindresorhus/electron-store: readme.md

Electron doesn't have a built-in way to persist user preferences and other data. This module handles that for you, so you can focus on building your app. The data is saved in a JSON file named config.json in [`app.getPath('userData')`](https://electronjs.org/docs/api/app#appgetpathname).

> You can use this module directly in both the main and renderer process. For use in the renderer process, you need to create a `new Store()` in the main process, or call `Store.initRenderer()` in the main process first. This is due to the [security issues](https://github.com/electron/electron/issues/21408) of the `remote` module in Electron. 

Reviewer: This is not the place to document "why" Electron no longer has the `remote` module.

Open the storage file in the user's editor.

### initRenderer()

> Initializier to set-up the required `ipc` communication channels for the module when a `Store` instance is not created in the main process. Use this if you are using a `Store` instance in the Electron renderer prrocess only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initializer to set up the required `ipc` communication channels for the module when a `Store` instance is not created in the main process. Use this if you are using a `Store` instance in the Electron renderer process only.
```

Reviewer: I think this could be shortened to a single sentence.

Author: Haha yeah, sorry about that!

In the main process:

```js
const Store = require('electron-store');

Store.initRenderer();
```

> And in the renderer process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And in the renderer process:

```

```js
const Store = require('electron-store');

store.set('unicorn', '🦄');

> console.log(store.get('unicorn'));

Reviewer: The code should be valid.
